In this video, we are going to take care
of task number 28 here and that's to add
the contact info properties to owners.
So if I come up here to the reference
implementation to owner, our Owner.java
that's our POJO. We can see that we
have address, city, telephone so let's go
ahead and enhance our Owner with that.
So there was an address.
Like so. Let's double check
this. So we have address,
city, telephone. We have a set of pets and that is all the properties
that we have here right now, so that's
good. Let's come over here and take a
look at this. I'll show you a little
trick here, so we have this set of pets as
well. Normally, what I like to do is keep
these in order so I have these four
properties and we already added pets. But
what I'm going to do here, there's a couple
different ways you could do this. I'm just
going to delete this and then command N
and add in getters and setters.
Just kind of a habit where I could have
done it differently, but I just wanted
everything all in the same order. It's
easy enough inside of IntelliJ before
you go in and recreate these, so no big
deal there. Just a quick tip, I like to
see in my properties in the same order.
I have my getters and setters in the same
order of the properties. If I get them
out of order, I seen it happen a lot,
where you do get the getters and setters
out of orders of properties. As things
get enhanced, it can be a pain. So let's
go ahead and this was issue number
28. There's a couple tweaks
I want to make to our issues so I'm
going to come in here and do a Git
commit on that.
That's number 28, right? Yep, so go ahead
and commit that. Don't forget to do the
push.
Push that. Come back over here,
and here the Create Pet Type
Service. I want that
to be the map service.
So we're going to create a map service
of that. I just want to save that.
Not comment.
We're going to create a pet service
as well.
So we're going to create map based
implementation so we're going to use a hash
map to mimic our persistence layer and
then as well as with the specialty
service.
We'll go ahead and edit that.
We'll go ahead and save that, so that
makes our task a little more clear
because we're actually going through
implementing two things at this point in
time. We are heading in map services
and then we're also going to come back
later and initially we're going to do
Spring Data JPA
so we'll be able to run both with a
profile but we need to implement all the
map based services as well. I want to
make those tests clear. That's what
we were doing with these tasks.